{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red16\green60\blue192;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 Introduction
\fs28 \
\

\b Team: 
\b0 Lin Chen (GitHub: LiryChen) and Jesus Franco (GitHub:jeusfranco1)\

\b Question: What\'92s the best location for a restaurant in Boston.
\fs36  
\b0\fs28 \
\

\b Factors: 
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 1. Traffic: The number of T stops (red line) within 0.5 mi. If there is T stop nearby, it is easier to access the restaurant and the traffic expected to be higher, which can bring more walk-in business and customers from further part of the area.\

\i Data source: \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 http://developer.mbta.com/Data/Red.json
\i0 \
\
2. Economics: The medium income in the neighborhood, which is sorted by zip code, ideally higher than $40,000 per year. Many local restaurants are mainly supported by people whom live in the neighborhood. If on average people are richer in the neighborhood, the chances they eat out will be higher, and the revenue per person will be higher since they are more willing to pay more for good food. \

\i Data source: https://data.cityofboston.gov/resource/rba9-vd7t.json
\i0 \
\
3. Traffic: The number of Hubway Bike station within 0.5 mi. The Hubway station, the bike renting station, can increase the accessibility of the restaurant, bringing more customers.\

\i Data source: https://secure.thehubway.com/data/stations.json
\i0 \
\
4. Permit: The number of restaurant permit within 1 mi. If there are many restaurants nearby, the traffic will be increased, which potentially could bring more business. \

\i Data source: \strokec4 https://data.cityofboston.gov/resource/fdxy-gydq.json
\i0 \
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
5. Safety: The number of crime happened in the neighborhood from 2012-2015. If it is a safer neighborhood, more customers are willing to return, and the risk of restaurant being stolen is lower.\

\i Data source: \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 https://data.cityofboston.gov/Public-Safety/Crime-Incident-Reports-July-2012-August-2015-Sourc/7cdf-6fgx
\i0 \
\
6. Vendor: The number of vendors nearby. A higher number of vendors implies a good traffic and more business.\

\i Data source: \strokec3 https://data.cityofboston.gov/resource/xgbq-327x.json
\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Datasets are from MBTA, City of Boston, and the Subway.\
\

\b Algorithms for three non-trivial transformations
\b0 \
\
1. Selection: This algorithm filters out all the redline T stops that are not in Boston.\
2. Intersection: This algorithm find the restaurants that are in a street that had crimes. \
3. \
}